Add use case examples (#1214)
openui/open-ui: site/src/pages/components/interest-invokers.explainer.mdx

It is also possible to trigger actions that occur when the user **"loses interest"** in the element and its target. In a very similar way to how "showing interest" is defined, "losing interest" happens in different ways based on the input modality. But the concept is clear: once the user has shown interest in an element, they need a way to show that they have "lost" that interest. For the typical hovercard use case, losing interest would cause the hovercard/popover to close. In all cases, when interest is lost, an `InterestEvent` with type `"loseinterest"` will be fired at the target element.

## Survey of Use Cases

There are myriad use cases for the behaviors provided by the `interesttarget` API. The collection of screenshots below shows a number of live production examples from across the web, grouped into common categories such as:

- Page preview
- Tooltips
- More info
- Quick actions
- Hover menus

Some of these occur when showing interest in links, and some when showing interest in buttons. Notes around the screenshots indicate whether/how these features can be accessed with the keyboard or touchscreen.

> <img src='/images/interesttarget-use-cases.png' width="800" alt='Survey of production web use cases for interesttarget' />

Reviewer: this would make the alt a little more descriptive/complete

```suggestion
<img src='/images/interesttarget-use-cases.png' width="800" alt='series of screenshots covering examples of each of the mentioned common categories on Reddit, Instagram, Facebook, GitHub, Wikipedia, Google Chat, Google Maps, ChatGPT, Target and Aritzia' />
```
